Adding link to image and quick notes (#71)
oxidecomputer/twitter-spaces: 2022_08_01.md

Some of the topics we hit on, in the order that we hit them:

- [Tackling Problems of Significance in Physical Industries](https://eclipse.vc/blog/tackling-problems-of-significance-in-physical-industries/) by Seth
- [A financial argument for deep tech](https://medium.com/cantos-ventures/a-financial-argument-for-deep-tech-2b01bf6e663a) by Ian 

> - [@33:35](https://youtu.be/67sp1l_sDkw?t=2015) [Adam Jacob](https://www.chef.io/blog/author/adam) of Chef joins and talks about "people are really bad at asking questions about what people want" in the hard tech space.

Author: ```suggestion
- [@33:35](https://youtu.be/67sp1l_sDkw?t=2015) [Adam Jacob](https://twitter.com/adamhjk) of Chef joins and talks about "people are really bad at asking questions about what people want" in the hard tech space.
```
